Add new FAQ answer and update misc copy (#624)
blockprotocol/blockprotocol: site/src/_pages/docs/4_faq.mdx

1.  The [Schema.org](https://schema.org) ontology is slow to change. This is by design, similar to how most standards organizations operate. And while it can move fast when clear universal impetus exists (evidenced by its excellent response to COVID) it ultimately represents a pseudo-centralized model of maintaining a schema registry. The Block Protocol provides the permissionless ability to build atop and extend [Schema.org](https://schema.org), unbounded by the processing constraints and imagination of any single working group or organization.
1.  Not everything is included in the [Schema.org](https://schema.org) ontology. For example, although _animal shelters_ and _pet stores_ exist, _animals_ and _pets_ themselves are missing entirely. This arguably reflects the priorities of schema.org’s maintainers (notably corporates, and search engines at that).

</FAQ>

<FAQ question="Doesn't a decentralized schema registry result in problems?">

> Moving beyond a single set of constrained schemas that rarely change introduces new issues. We believe that all of these issues can be mitigated and that the benefits of an open ecosystem of well-described, discoverable types grealy outweigh the drawbacks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Moving beyond a single set of constrained schemas that rarely change introduces new issues. We believe that all of these issues can be mitigated and that the benefits of an open ecosystem of well-described, discoverable types greatly outweigh the drawbacks.
```

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/pull/624/commits/3e19942e1b1d5685cd9d6861b0d9907e0ce1c854

>   1. **Reusability of types:** the type system supports a high degree of composability, with data types and property types indvidually defineable and addressable from within different entity types and contexts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  1. **Reusability of types:** the type system supports a high degree of composability, with data types and property types individually definable and addressable from within different entity types and contexts.
```

Although I'm not sure definable is a word but https://www.merriam-webster.com/dictionary/definable

Author: `definable` -> `definable` fixed in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/90953b8cbf5266d7599abbc08fbf87aec679d724

>   1. **Convergence on types:** the type editors developed by [HASH](https://hash.dev/) as part of their ontology manager include functionality to encourage users to where utilize and extend or otherwise crosswalk to existing types. These best-practice editors are open-source and are free to use within any other embedding application. We will be replacing the Block Protocol schema editor with these new type editors shortly.

Reviewer: Unsure of what "to where utilize" means

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/84f1ec523ecbe7631b4570f3b564ebf5054991be -- thanks for spotting. Does it make sense now?

Reviewer: Sure, thanks :)

<FAQ question="Doesn't a decentralized schema registry result in problems?">

> Moving beyond a single set of constrained schemas that rarely change introduces a number of issues. However, we believe that all of these can be mitigated and that the benefits of an open ecosystem of well-described, discoverable, and end-user defineable types greatly outweighs any potential drawbacks.

Reviewer: Same comment about 'defineable'

Also I think "outweigh" was correct as you're referring to "benefit_s_"? I'm unsure

i.e.
"the benefits outweigh"
as opposed to
"the benefits outweighs"

Author: Addressed in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/fa28251b8df96c64802a0ea8208d98d1a4abc056 - ty for spotting the typo introduced in the previous typo fix commit 🙃

Author: `definable` -> `definable` fixed in https://github.com/blockprotocol/blockprotocol/commit/90953b8cbf5266d7599abbc08fbf87aec679d724
